* Multiple registries: Install node modules from more than one registry location.
* CDN-delivered static assets: Although we’ve been keeping up with the growth in traffic to the public npm registry, it still only runs in a single datacenter. That means if you’re using npm from places like Europe, Singapore or Australia you have to deal with increased latency. By backing tarballs published to npm as CouchDB attachments with a CDN we will ensure fast installs worldwide.
* Source code searching and analytics: One of the most difficult things for the node core team is making decisions about what APIs are used most often. The state-of-the-art right now is surveying the node community which yields skewed results at best. By enabling the search and analysis of source code for node modules on npmjs.org both the node core team and module developers can be informed about API usage.
* Addressable content: In addition to node.js modules published to npm, there has been a huge growth in browserify usage and client-side packages published to npm. The problem with this is that using these modules requires downloading and unpacking the entire module just for a single file. Addressable contents will enable module developers to expose individual files via npm.
* Signed packages: The current methods of verifying that a given author (or set of authors) have actually published a given module do not provide a high enough level of visibility. Signed packages aims to improve this by allowing authors to validate their npm packages with a unique signature.